jeanine 2010
we have a big psychiatric problem
beyond the house
what do you mean
by the way five centimeters throughout the Mexican saccentian apartment
yet a few hours he was criticized
it's very rare
not serious a bit like a cuckoo
we believe that any reform of taxation
what did we get out of the ground
crouch lurking béchard believes
I think this time it goes
however most countries all the time it's panic
in Provence not to accuse without knowing
calm down
after a career they must know that they did not support being satisfied
of this case
pact at three centimeters from the ground however there is said to afp a
spokesperson we pass at the end of the meeting
because it's part of it
luminous
human rights is a problem of pleading
you must not accuse without knowing a little bit correct wait i will not
accuse the neighbor of these measures me I say that for me already that you are
can be enjoyed in the charming Cyril building your but not in
that's possible you're gotta work so I do not know then
good thank you
flip side you are responsible because the problem of
employment here for the Central African Republic and anything I do not know anything
it also helps to define if the work can not compare a train
without knowing it I am told it must priority repayments
for nothing
gm proprio
and can not wait to be on the ice on Thursday
we do not joke like that maybe unpleasant and that you can always
dreamed for 5 cents the right with nice
I see career
you mean they can not
it's a mini mini mini movie
I do not say yes or no
I do not minimize the minister
he minimizes
I do not minimize